README.md, before:

# BERT model for SQL Injection

Doing a simple api with flask and BERT model for the SQL Injection Dataset https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/sajid576/sql-injection-dataset.

Model code is based on https://www.kaggle.com/code/bobaaayoung/bert-word2vec-lstm-cnn-text-classification-ipynb.

## How to use 

Download the model weights and save it in ```bert-sql-api/artifact/```. The steps are

```
# clone this repo
cd bert-sql-api
mkdir artifact
wget -P artifact 'https://drive.google.com/file/d/1m8HPQLToDfvE9tIE_cisuG8qp9b-lntf'
```

[***Trained model weights available here.***](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1m8HPQLToDfvE9tIE_cisuG8qp9b-lntf).

### Local

Install all the requirements from requirements.txt in local machine

```
pip install --no-cache-dir -r requirements.txt
```

and run the application ```python app.py``` and the grpc service ```python predict_server.py```

### Docker
Alternatively run the dockerfile

```
docker run -p 5000:5000 -p 50051:50051 gkdogifjhif/bert-sql-api
```

### Call Example

An example of using is 

```
curl -X POST http://localhost:5000/predict \
-H "Content-Type: application/json" \
-d '{"input1": "\' DELETE 1=1"}'
```

Or passing more than one key

```
curl -X POST http://localhost:5000/predict \
-H "Content-Type: application/json" \
-d '{"campo1": "DELETE 1=1","campo2": "SELECT * FROM users WHERE id = 1","input": "1 UNION SELECT 1, version() limit 1,1"}'
```

Commit message:

docs: link for the kong plugin

README.md, after:

# BERT model for SQL Injection

Doing a simple api with flask and BERT model for the SQL Injection Dataset https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/sajid576/sql-injection-dataset.

Model code is based on https://www.kaggle.com/code/bobaaayoung/bert-word2vec-lstm-cnn-text-classification-ipynb.

This model is part of a kong api gateway plugin solution for detecting offensive requests: https://github.com/mateuslima90/kong-plugin-ai-attack-detection

## How to use 

Download the model weights and save it in ```bert-sql-api/artifact/```. The steps are

```
# clone this repo
cd bert-sql-api
mkdir artifact
wget -P artifact 'https://drive.google.com/file/d/1m8HPQLToDfvE9tIE_cisuG8qp9b-lntf'
```

[***Trained model weights available here.***](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1m8HPQLToDfvE9tIE_cisuG8qp9b-lntf).

### Local

Install all the requirements from requirements.txt in local machine

```
pip install --no-cache-dir -r requirements.txt
```

and run the application ```python app.py``` and the grpc service ```python predict_server.py```

### Docker
Alternatively run the dockerfile

```
docker run -p 5000:5000 -p 50051:50051 gkdogifjhif/bert-sql-api
```

### Call Example

An example of using is 

```
curl -X POST http://localhost:5000/predict \
-H "Content-Type: application/json" \
-d '{"input1": "\' DELETE 1=1"}'
```

Or passing more than one key

```
curl -X POST http://localhost:5000/predict \
-H "Content-Type: application/json" \
-d '{"campo1": "DELETE 1=1","campo2": "SELECT * FROM users WHERE id = 1","input": "1 UNION SELECT 1, version() limit 1,1"}'
```
